README.md, before:

cubbyBlue:
I am developing my own sabermetrics web-app to track some cool baseball stuff as well as teach myself some fun coding techniques.

Structure of the app is to be a python-MySQL powered DB app powered by Flask. Still looking for optimal UI/UX framework that will conform to that

I am using this site to walk through the app:
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-ii-templates

(below is from the author of the site)
=========

A decently featured microblogging web application written in Python and Flask that I'm developing in my Flask Mega-Tutorial series that begins [here](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world).

Installation
------------

The tutorial referenced above explains how to setup a virtual environment with all the required modules.

The sqlite database must also be created before the application can run, and the `db_create.py` script takes care of that. See the [Database tutorial](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-iv-database) for the details.

Running
-------

To run the application in the development web server just execute `run.py` with the Python interpreter from the flask virtual environment.

Commit message:

added some detail to readme on installation and startup of virtualenv

README.md, after:

cubbyBlue:
I am developing my own sabermetrics web-app to track some cool baseball stuff as well as teach myself some fun coding techniques.

Structure of the app is to be a python-MySQL powered DB app powered by Flask. Still looking for optimal UI/UX framework that will conform to that

I am using this site to walk through the app:
https://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-ii-templates

Prior to running the app you need to ensure Flask is downloaded into the root directory of your app. See part one of the above tutorial for installation and setup details

key commands:
run flask 2 ways,

First way is type python interpreter first followed by scripts
$ flask\Scripts\activate run.py

acivate virtual environment first
$ flask\Scripts\activate
$ python run.py


(below is from the author of the site)

=========

A decently featured microblogging web application written in Python and Flask that I'm developing in my Flask Mega-Tutorial series that begins [here](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-i-hello-world).

Installation
------------

The tutorial referenced above explains how to setup a virtual environment with all the required modules.

The sqlite database must also be created before the application can run, and the `db_create.py` script takes care of that. See the [Database tutorial](http://blog.miguelgrinberg.com/post/the-flask-mega-tutorial-part-iv-database) for the details.

Running
-------

To run the application in the development web server just execute `run.py` with the Python interpreter from the flask virtual environment.
